2022-08-25 Console release (#129)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/release-notes.md

title: Release Notes
---

## 2022-08-25 Console release

### Bug fixes

> - UI: Correct .pgpass instructions [#1825](https://github.com/neondatabase/neon/issues/1825)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: fix .pgpass instructions [#1825](https://github.com/neondatabase/neon/issues/1825).
```

- UI: add validation messages for creating a project form.

> - UI: fix the dead links in the onboarding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: fix the dead links in the onboarding.
```

> - UI: limited preview and branching email updates 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: update the emails for requesting branching and support.
```

### What's new

> - UI: Table viewer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: added Tables page for exporing the Project schema and data.
```

> - UI: add help center menu 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- UI: add help center menu.
```

> - Control Plane: Select safekeepers from different Availability Zones for a new compute project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Control Plane: pick the safekeepers from different Availability Zones for the new Projects.
```
